# media-list

To build and deploy application run the following:

```bash
sam build
sam deploy
```

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build` command.

```bash
media-list$ sam build
```
Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

The SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` to run the API locally on port 3000.

```bash
media-list$ sam local start-api
media-list$ curl http://localhost:3000/
```

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
media-list$ sam logs -n MediaListFunction --stack-name media-list --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `media-list/tests` folder in this project. Use NPM to install the [Mocha test framework](https://mochajs.org/) and run unit tests.

```bash
media-list$ cd media-list
media-list$ npm install
media-list$ npm run test
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name media-list
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.
